h1. Amazon S3 Library for CodeIgniter

Easily integrate your CI applications to Amazon's Simple Storage Solution with this library.

This library is (hardly) a port of "Donovan Schönknecht's S3 PHP Class":http://undesigned.org.za/2007/10/22/amazon-s3-php-class.

h2. Setup

# Edit config/s3.php with your appropriate settings
# Copy config and library files to your CI installation

h2. Class Methods

For more detailed information about the required parameters and returns check the S3.php file.

h3. Objects:
* copyObject
* deleteObject
* getObject
* getObjectInfo
* inputFile 
* inputResource
* putObject
* getAuthenticatedURL

h3. Buckets:

* listBuckets
* getBucket
* putBucket
* deleteBucket
* getBucketLocation
* getBucketLogging
* setBucketLogging
* disableBucketLogging
* getHttpUploadPostParams

h3. Access Control Policies:

* getAccessControlPolicy
* setAccessControlPolicy

h3. CloudFront:

* listDistributions
* createDistribution
* getDistribution
* updateDistribution
* deleteDistribution

h3. Legacy methods:

* putObjectFile
* putObjectString

h2. Example Usage

<pre><code>
  // Load Library
  $this->load->library('s3_functions');
  
  // Upload a file
  var_dump($this->s3_functions->upload_file($upload_info['full_path'], $folder.'/'));
  
  // List files
  var_dump($this->s3_functions->get_files($folder));
  
  // Delete file
  var_dump($this->s3_functions->delete_file($file_uri)); // without S3 URL and Bucket names
  
</code></pre>

h2. References

* "Original documentation for this class":http://undesigned.org.za/2007/10/22/amazon-s3-php-class/documentation
* "Amazon S3 Documentation":http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonS3/2006-03-01/
